Yesterday, I had a lot of things to do.
After that, I participated in
Nashikotaso's online autograph session.
Can I even say Nashikotaso's name...
Nashikotaso has a calendar book.
If you buy several books,
you can get an autograph.
And in your birthday month,
she'll write a birthday message for you.
There's something like that.
I saw that and I thought
I definitely wanted it.
So I bought it.
And yesterday, I participated
in the online autograph session.
You can see it in the archive.
If you missed it, you can watch it
as many times as you like.
I repeated it many times.
I said I was nervous,
but I thought it was cute!
You know...
I'm really a Nashikko.
I love Nashikotaso so much.
Nashikotaso must have
written "Manamo ♥" for me!
I'm looking forward to getting it soon!
I'll never forget the
greatness of Nashikotaso.
Her name is Momotsuki Nashiko.
Can I brag a little?
I've known the origin of "Momotsuki"
in her name for some time.
I saw the birth of the Momotsuki part
in real time back then.
But it's not good.
I shouldn't be like this.
You shouldn't be someone like me.
Nashikotaso doesn't
want you to be like this.
I know it's not good.
But she's become so popular.
I don't want anyone to think I only
liked her after she became popular.
I've always loved Nashikotaso.
I really want to say that.
I'm so embarrassed.
I shouldn't be like this.
I shouldn't be a fan like this.
Everyone is great.
Everyone who supports her is great.
You shouldn't be like this.
You have to support your idols properly!
You have to get along
with others who support them too!
You have to support them
with all your might!
That's right.
I want to support Nashikotaso together
with you and someday collaborate with her.
Let's collaborate!
Let's meet in person!
Anything is fine.
If anyone related to her
is watching this Showroom,
Please tell Momotsuki Nashiko-sama...
Uh... well...
Look, I get it.
I shouldn't do this as a fan.
You think so, right?
I know.
But I'm an idol!
I'm an idol.
I've been told that I'm abusing
my position, but I'm an idol.
I can't help it. I want to abuse it!
No, it's really...
But...
It's okay, isn't it?